hello everyone this is mr brain junky
here and today we're going to be talking
about a revenge film called i spit on
your grave
be ready for some spoilers ahead
jennifer is a young novelist who rents a
cottage to write her upcoming novel
she gets the keys for the cabin from the
old man and also
some poorly drawn maps but seriously
though
how's anyone supposed to get directions
from this
anyways she arrives at a gas station to
fill up
and meets a couple of stereotypical
rednecks
one even tries to hit on her but
jennifer is too strong and
independent for this young man as he
lacks the hormones to properly seduce
her
instead he makes a fool out of himself
after that awkward encounter
jennifer leaves and arrived at the cabin
despite the horrible map given to her
she begins to write her novel of course
how can anyone start working without
some alcohol and eye candy for the
audience
as she continues with her vacation i
mean work
she can't shake the feeling that someone
is watching her
but i have to say is this not the worst
place for a vacation or what
the lake is so dirty it looks like it's
filled with dead bodies
the next morning she goes out for some
jogging because she has to stay fit
and pretty for the male audiences but
seriously
is it normal to wear your underwear to
go jogging in the woods
just imagine the amount of bug bites
she's gonna get joking aside
she comes back home after her exercise
probably to go number two
yes guys girls do that too unfortunately
the plumbing is broken
and she hires a plumber to come and fix
it the plumber clearly has some
social issues but she jumps up and gives
him a kiss
for his hard work but really right on
the mouth
anyways it turns out that the plumber is
a friend of the rednecks
and i can't blame him for showing off
because i would probably do the same
thing
this of course makes the gas station boy
even more embarrassed
and he vows to take revenge later that
night
the rednecks invade the cabin and
humiliates the girl at gunpoint
they truly are stupid though as one guy
started videotaping the whole thing
i guess he wanted to leave some evidence
just in case the police don't catch them
after some threats and taunting jennifer
manages to escape and runs into the
local sheriff
who was hunting with the cabin owner
personally though i had a bad
feeling about the sheriff too since he
looked like a psychopath himself
and why doesn't his car have any license
plate anyways they head back to the
cabin and things begins to go wrong
it turns out that the sheriff is in
leagues with the rednecks
and everyone showed up in the cabin they
forced the girl to do whatever they
wanted at gunpoint
the plumber seems to be the only one to
show sympathy
but through peer pressure he also
becomes the main perpetrator
after doing the nasty with the girl she
escaped into the forest
however the man catches up and this time
the sheriff wants a term
but he prefers the back door jennifer
gets
up and limps towards a lake as the man
watches her
before the sheriff can kill her she
takes a leap of faith
and disappeared into the river
some time has passed and weird things
began happening to
the man the fat boy stupidly kept the
videotape
and now finds it missing the gas station
manager
sees someone stalking him near his
trailer and discovers the plumber's
belongings at his front door
the sheriff finds a videotape which was
stolen from the fat boy
mailed to his house where his wife and
daughter lives
they come together and all concludes
that the plumber was the one behind
these actions
seriously though to arrive at this
conclusion knowing the fact that the
girl was still alive
proves to me that their combined iq must
be much
lower than a hundred as the audience we
see that jennifer actually kidnapped the
plumber and in fact
orchestrated this whole thing she uses
their search for the plumber to kidnap
both the fat boy and mr greasy hair
the fat boy is tied to a tree with his
eyes forced open
so that the crows will come and pick it
out
mr greasy hair is put in a bathtub with
chemicals that melted off his skin
the gas station boy is lured in by her
nice looking backside
he is then tied up castrated and left to
bleed out
the sheriff is the last of her victims
where she
used her daughter to capture him she
puts his shotgun where the sun don't
shine
and ties the trigger to the unconscious
plumber
surely enough when he wakes up both of
them dies horrendously
i know this movie was supposed to be
serious but i find myself laughing at
times just by its absurdity
like just how easily everyone seemed to
be knocked unconscious by the main
character
maybe this is her superpower i also love
how stupid they portray the bad guys to
be
especially the sheriff who's supposed to
know the law
inside out so what did you guys think
about the movie
let me know in the comments below and if
you like my videos please press like and
subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you